docs(lsp): detail on hover window controls (#30347)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/lsp.txt

hover()                                                  *vim.lsp.buf.hover()*
    Displays hover information about the symbol under the cursor in a floating
    window. The window will be dismissed on cursor move. Calling the function
    twice will jump into the floating window. Once focused in the floating

>     window, `<C-f>` and `<C-b>` can be used to scroll forward and back, and

Reviewer: `<C-d>`/`<C-u>` also work for scrolling.

Author: > Once focused in the floating window, the content buffer can be scrolled as normal and `q` can be used to dismiss the window.

Does that sound better?

Reviewer: I would use "usual" instead of "normal" because of the latter already having a special meaning in vim.

>     twice will jump into the floating window. Once focused in the floating
>     window, the buffer content can be scrolled as usual and `q` can be used to
>     dismiss the window.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    twice will jump into the floating window (thus with the default mappings, "KK" will open the hover window and focus it). In the floating window, all commands and mappings are available as usual, except that "q" dismisses the window. You can scroll the contents the same as you would any other buffer.
```

Reviewer: Didn't know we had this convention. Maybe something to document in `:help dev`?
